c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.UI.deps.json
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.UI.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.UI.dll
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.UI.pdb
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DAl.dll
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.dll
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.IEntityOperation.dll
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MODEL.dll
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DAl.pdb
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.DOMAIN.pdb
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.MODEL.pdb
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\bin\Debug\net7.0\PPM.IEntityOperation.pdb
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.UI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.UI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.UI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.UI.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.UI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.UI.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.UI.dll
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\obj\Debug\net7.0\refint\PPM.UI.dll
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.UI.pdb
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\obj\Debug\net7.0\PPM.UI.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\SPasapula\Desktop\Entity Framework PPM\PPM.UI\obj\Debug\net7.0\ref\PPM.UI.dll
